refactor: censor equals-form command options in logs (#2778)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/imperative/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the Imperative package will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - BugFix: Masked sensitive command-line options that are supplied in the equals-separated form (e.g. `--user=example` or `-u=example`) before the command line is written to the log, and also mask secure values that contain embedded whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Masked sensitive command-line options that are supplied in the equals-separated form (for example, `--user=example` or `-u=example`) before the command line is written to the log, and also mask secure values that contain embedded whitespace.
```

Author: I have a bad habit of using `e.g.` - thanks 😋

> - BugFix: Masked sensitive command-line options that are supplied in the equals-separated form (e.g. `--user=example` or `-u=example`) before the command line is written to the log, and also mask secure values that contain embedded whitespace.

Reviewer: Wanted to explain my edit: Per [Zowe style](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/contribute/contributing#do-not-use-latin-abbreviations), we avoid using Latin abbreviations.

Author: Makes sense, thanks for the additional context!
